---
layout: ../../layouts/Tutorial.astro
title: Launching Your Developer Secret Network
author: Sinplea
date: April 19, 2022
---
This tutorial is for developers to get started with development on the Secret Network. The local blockchain runs in a docker container and simulates the Intel SGX (TEE) that is a requirement for the Holodeck testnet and mainnet.

It's super easy and quick, once you have `docker` installed. Just a few commands!

#### Setup Your Environment

- Install Docker for your environment (Mac, Windows, Linux).

#### Launch The Developer Secret Network

In a terminal window start the Secret Network by running the docker cantainer named _secretdev:_

```sh
docker run -it --rm \
  -p 26657:26657 -p 26656:26656 -p 1337:1337 \
  --name secretdev enigmampc/secret-network-sw-dev
```

> __Note:__ To stop the secretdev blockchain enter `ctrl + c`

Your local blockchain starts with a set of keys or accounts named `a`, `b`, `c`, and `d`.

After initializing and validating the genesis file you can see the network starting and blocks getting committed. Included in the startup is an HTTP REST server (also known as the LCD or Light Client Daemon) that can be accessed via `localhost` on port _1337_

#### Query The Latest Block

Use the REST API to view the latest block information.

```sh
curl http://localhost:1337/blocks/latest
```

#### Use the CLI to Interact with the Network

In a seperate terminal window connect to the container in interactive mode, executing the Bash shell.

```sh
docker exec -it secretdev /bin/bash
```

Query th list of keys using secretcli:

```sh
secretcli keys list
```

> __Note:__ secretcli is configured to use the test keyring backend which makes it easier for development and testing (e.g. no password required).

Use exit to `quit` your interactive Docker session.
